The experience is great. Helps a lot with keeping track of changes in prayer time. Sorry to give it 3 stars because I would like to notify the devs. I read a fews comments that have the same issue as mine. Regarding beeping & vibration notification. Please put another option for lesser number of bee...
My experience with this app since the very first time when I paid for the premium has been wonderful, maasha Allah.I reinstalled the app on another cellphone and I had forgotten that I have a premium account,after 1 year when I recalled that I am a premium member I was under the impression that my a...
Only premium users can access all the prayers in the prayer time widget... Very disappointing. It was the only feature I used in this app and now I either have to pay monthly for it or pay $42 one off... Seems excessive since that info is easily gathered via other methods and widgets. Ill now need t...
Good app with lots of functions. I was okay with the ads previously as they weren't intrusive and could exit but now the new ones force me to watch for a good 10 seconds before able to get guidance on my daily obligations.
The adhan notification didn't work, can you please fix this? Sometimes miss the solat time, before it works just fine, now it does now work at all, the notication come out but the adhan notification is not working, otherwise its an okay app, my device is the xiaomi mi 9 if you are wondering, please ...
Assalamu alaikum wa rahmatullah wa barakatuh. I have used and left several of this type of app without having complete satisfaction but this one has been perfect. I still think it can be developed further, for one, I would like to have "ayyamul beed (13th, 14th & 15th)" indicated in the calendar wit...
Your app is amazing. Currently it is crashing with this stack trace. I have reinstalled the app. Still issue persists. java.lang.RuntimeException: Unable to resume activity {com.bitsmedia.android.muslimpro/com.bitsmedia.android.muslimpro.screens.main.MainActivity}: org.joda.time.IllegalFieldValueExc...
Don't get me wrong here, its a VERY GOOD app because of the features included in this app such as Adhan timings, Prayer check ups and finally Ramadan fasting tracker, but when it comes to 'New features to unlock' it charges you monthly money for its 'New features' such as Quran reciters (That you ca...
It's awesome for initial days, after some days it reminds nothing, this app needs serious development so it remains fruitful for long time, no one install an app for some days and app like this should be a permanent tool for every mobile. Pls suggest some solution or otherwise I have to delete it, a...
Best app out there for all the Muslims and friends of Islam. It is very rich in the knowledge of Islam from the Qur'an, recitation, Du'as(supplications), some hadiths, constant reminders about daily prayers and so on so forth. They also keep updating the app with more features to help us stay on the...
The older version was gold dont know what's happening with the app I reinstall Muslim pro and after installing it start downloading some data probably my backed up data but never actually gets completed and it shows download pause on the notification shade... It doesn't matter how much I try it does...Maashaaa Allah - superb app. 1) A small correction to be made in Tamil Translation in 7:60. The fitst part of translation of the aaya missing and only a part of the translation is available. 2) In most of the arabic text "madd" is missing. Hope you will carryout these corrections
Drains an unnecessary amount of battery, and my battery usage shows such. I only need to know the prayer times at my locality, and sometimes a direction (rarely need to use it). The daily verses are nice and likely my favorite feature thus far. Everything else is just baggage to me.
This is a very useful app packed with a ton of features. However can I please request one more feature? I want to have multiple translations displayed at the same time. For example, I want to turn on both English and Urdu translations at the same time. That would be so useful.
There is bug in Qur'an section now , if i continue read from the last read section and completed few more ayah and if the screen goes off after that the surah continue from the first last read section no matter how much ayah completed it will goes all the way back to last read section , i hope you u...
Assalam ua Alaikum brother, It is requested from admin to update salat ul fajar timing in application it is 7 minutes delay from starting time other prayer also. Plus also enable auto location detector or something which automatically show the exact prayer time in my previous phone it was working fi...
Great apps for muslims. But i have a problem with indonesian language. Al-Qur'an translation using Indonesian, however Du'as using English language. I tried other languages and it works fine. If you read this please fix it. Jazakumullahukhairan
The best muslim app by far. Really love it! However sometimes it shows wrong Qiblat which is a big NO NO for Muslims especially when travelling. Hope the developers could fix it. I'm premium user, by the way. So, with that I de-star from 5 to 4 starsDonno why, but frequently its adzhan is 10-30 minutes late from the correct time. Before this, problem like this never happen. After i change to other phone, its happen. Very disappointed
New update: done! Fixed! Thank u so much for such quick responsive of the team! Really appreciate 😊👍 I dont know why i cant open this app. Everytime i click, it were likely to open but then back to myhome page again. Frustrated
I have been using Muslim Pro for years. For prayer timings, Azan, Qibla location and recite Quran Shareef. I like the Marking options in Quran so you can read it from where you left it. I really like this app. Jazak Allah.
The app is great and helpful. I hope the next update would allow us to auto download all of the audio by a click of a button. That would be more efficient and ease us to learn and hear the Quran recitations. Anyways, much love from me for this app. ❤️❤️❤️
Good app. Very useful. However attracts too many useless adds which is continuous botheration. Moreover adhan maghrib at Islamabad, Rawalpindi area is 3 minutes delayed. This needs to be corrected.
All the settings are properly done but still consistently Two times prayers is being tunned up and Three are not even the selection of azaan notification and force enable Azan is being set up even I have also seen it happened after the one month first update came before that it was going very Nice.This app is pretty good but it doesn't factor in automatically for daylight savings time. I was on vacation in Florida and my alarms were set based on the times in the app, so Fajr and Maghrib were off by one hourDear, Muslimpro What's happening on my app, since i paid the pro, its always not easy to use. it always failed everytime I open. I can't open the open because it keep on closing or hang-up. Please can you fix it for me. Thanks.I have premium subscription and whatever recitation I download, it suddenly gets deleted in a few days...it is very inconvenient when I want to listen to Quran without Wi-Fi but the recitation is not available...
I really love this app but it doesn't work anymore it doesn't want to launch even though I uninstall and install it many time but the same problem every time I click on it, it doesn't start. 😔😢
Really nice app, I've been using it for more than 4 years for Quran, Qibla, and prayer times. UI is a little complicated and cluttered thou.
I wish you could find a way, not to let downloaded audio get deleted all the time Please improve I have received feedback from your team to uninstall & reinstall the app, but clearly it didn't work.The selection adhan for notification - sometimes its working but mostly error. The contact us button also FAILED to send any feedback to ypur team. Please fix it 😔Don't want to miss any prayer and keep tracking its timing ? Plus much more advantages...Then you absolutely don't have to miss this free brilliant App..Much LoveThis app has helped me so much to track my prayers, however, the ad section kind of ruins it. Seeing graphics while reading Quran distracts and it just feels weird.after update i cant use it properly. I must turn off my connection to open this app or it will freeze. After reinstall the app, it works again. Thanks.In my phone xiaomi redmi note 7, for the first time everything its good, but now notification adzan cant worked, whats wrong?? I'm followed the intruction but nothing happen. Please help me!!!
Well normally this app is great but it isn't working today at all. I cannot even get in the app to see my prayer times... this is the first time this has happened..After the latest update phone gets heated within 3-4 minutes of opening Muslim pro... please do the needful.. Took premium membership to use all the features but now not able to open it as it dangerously get heated up
It's great but the adds are too much, it has songs in them and it ruins the app other than that it's good!Very useful for the accurate timing of the fibe daily prayer. The Qur'an and azkar very handy in all situations. May Allah reward the authors.I liked it before but after updating every time when I open the app for reading arabic reading setting window is been opening and I am unable to see the wording.Really helpful and functional! It would be great if you could add calendar function to set reminder for Ayyamul Bidh fasting also. Great job! Jazakumullahu khairan!The app is very good but everytime I update all my all my Quran downloads disappear and then I have to download it again. This happened 4 times already it's really unacceptable.
I'm satisfied with your service. I have trouble with my account, your CS team fast response and give right solution. I hope this app can improve with new features like type sunnah of shalat and saum. So we can improve and growth our ibadah to Allah SWT.Almost everything was good with this app...until very recently..when everything changed to Hindi...what was the purpose of that.please revert back to EnglishHi. I am your premium subscriber. Since after auto update today, the app cannot open. Please check what happened. Thank you
Its a great app. You will get salat timings, duas, direction of kibla, and a lot. Ads are a bit annoying. Overall a great app for Muslims
Everything is perfect . The Azan is on time and I love all the duas(doa) . Out of all I really like the inspiration . I hope that one day Muslim pro can make the inspiration can be downloadad as a phone wallpaper. The inspiration never fail to make me cry 😅😅Beautiful app. Everything related to my daily prayers in one place. Just discovered and really appreciate the prayer tracker.
Fajr not working, dependency on the app just made me miss my fajr(past couple of days). Now today, masha Allah i woke up an hour before fajr, and i wanted to check the app but it keeps crashing, i have done it all with my phone and i am not doing a factory reset again. Now your turn to fix.I installed the app and after that login but when I open the application for access it's turn auto disconnect. What is the issue.Excellent app marred by overdose of ads. I am almost there where I cannot take it anymore and would rather uninstall it.This aap is good , but I have some objection cause in this aap i have set azaan for Fajr and Isha namaaz but those azaan sometime is working and sometimes not working why this is happening , that's why I missed my Fajr prayer many times.That's really helpful for muslims. It's show the all details about date and namaaz timing. And Quran also available with tarjuma in English, best guide app for muslims.My Apps keeps on crashing and won't open in Pixel 2XL. Please help me to fix this, I'm relying so much on this app since I travel a lot.I constantly need to reset the adhan times do that the notifications work.. The "forced notifications" are enabled but still doesn't work sometimesA salamou alaykom wa rahmatou Allah. Everything was perfect until I unintstalled and reinstalled the app and my pro acount didn't work from then. It says error code 0. Please help. Jazakom Allah khayran.Very useful. Only need to protect Bugs and same advertisement. Plus updating.
Great except for... there's no proper bookmarking option. It would be nice to have a real bookmark for each sura. The little green checkmarks don't really work for this purpose. It's really annoying to have to scroll to the aya you were reading last, especially in the longer suras. It keeps you at t...This app is great with qibla locator , Quran and duas but namaz notification are not on proper time...the are notified earlier than that. Can u plz fix this??Jazzak allah for this great work.
Use to be my favourite app. I've had it for a long time now but I can't stand the new additions that you. Screen is so clogged up. I don't need salaah tracker, or community section or news. There should be an option for all the add ons. The version that was available at the beginning was simple and ...Do allow short adhan notifications option. Previously when using iPhone 6, this option is available. Now that I'm switching back to Android, the option is not there. Would love if you guys listen to our complaint. Thanks,😎"Auto location" function not working. Must use "locate me" to update to the current locationhi. i love this app. but today, its not working. when i open it, it pops up then disappears. can you help.Please Add (Zawal)Forbidden Salah timings in the App. 1) Like at what time it starts and at what time it ends. It would be easier for my kids to refer the Salah time table.
The new privacy policy....is insane. I don't feel comfortable with an obscure company in Singapore "collecting, storing& using personal data", or collecting& using any information/data from a 'relavant 3rd party' (Google, facebook). It's weird &with the knowledge that people use other people's faith...I paid subscription for one year now its been two days missing Fajr prayers because the prayers notifications aren't working in the app!I love the app, it has a lot of goodies (packages that will occupy my day).Amazing app & am in love with the praying tracker. keep up the good work.the only problem it gives me is that it doesn't gives the Adhan correctly or sometimes it doesn't gives it at all any other is simply fantasticThis had been helpful app for years and why does it keep crashing now, guys, please?
I have recently downloaded the Muslim Pro app on Samsung Note 8 and I like its features. I have setup an account with my Google. I have problems when I click on the "Upgrade to Premium" button: the [processing] wheel is rotating for eternity with nothing happening further. It looks like the app gets...
Issue resolved once email was sent. Great customer service and love the app.
Hey I don't know where else to put this but I haven't been getting notifications this whole week. Especially Fajr and Ive even missed it because the weather is changing so everyday its a different time. Ive tried messing around with the notification settings but nothing. I'm getting frustrated becau...My problem is exactly like that Abdu Rahim , the upgrading indicator is that rotating for almost four days now ! I have even tried to install others .All the same . Any help will be so much appreciated . [ 2] I requested yuor (our) office to assist me in counting my present age Islamically . I was b...
I have purchased the app back in the day before they have a premium plan, now I'm back to annoying ads just because the developers don't know how to deal with this or want us to pay again. Well there is no chance they're getting another dime. That's not a way to treat those who supported you from th...
Amazing app. MashAllah! Help me a lot specially with the Quran and the prayers.... I love the way that I can track my prayers and fasting. And the messages and knowledges. I think could have hadiths available in the same way as the Quran if it's possible. May Allah bless everyone who works on this a...
Masha Allah the app is nice..I appreciate for that but the problem comes in with reading the dials during prayers its giving many of us hard time....So I think you should kinda adjust it and also give it audios so that it enables us easily pronounce it and make your leaning more easer... Thank you ,...
The app is superb Masha Allah. I live on the mountains at Manali Himachal Pradesh India. I have purchased the app. The prayer timings are 9 minutes early, eg.. maghrib adhan goes off 9min before sunset. This happens only on the mountains. When I go to big cities like Bombay,Delhi or anywhere on the ...
Alhamdulillah. Am grateful that the Muslim ummah have this. I've had issue's with Adhan notifications but I trouble shot and it worked. I love the daily inspirations and the daily Quran verses. With our busy lives we still can manage to read the Quran on a daily basis alhamdulillah even if it's it's...
Had I got an option to upload photo with review, I would have definetly uploaded the screenshot of ads being diplayed on your application. I agree that it requires financial support to maintain the application n other resources but not through ads being showcased. Il anyhow drop an email on the id p...
Assalamwalaikum developers, please improve the scrolling system/mouse on the extreme right of any dua section/notch. It's too small and is not user friendly. If I need to quickly access the bottom most dua, I have to scroll through all the duas. I can't use the mouse/scrolling bar/notch. Please fix ...
This app is great! My only suggestions are to let us choose a silver value nisab for zakat and let us chose the notification sound for prayer times beyond just the default notification sound, a beep, and adhans. It would also be nice to be able to see a list of tasbih words to say like some apps hav...Overall this is the best app for muslim like me but i just want to give some idea, maybe you can add something that can help others read quran better or page that full of prophet's story based from dalil quranKeeps crashing down. Keeps stopping for no reason.Tried many times but can't locate me (the GPS is activated and agree to use it)It's so amazing app.you should try it,you will not be regret with this app.the app makes me easier for qiblah when I'm at overseas and also I can read Quran wherever I goI love this app but there is one prob...it played the azan the first few verses only then stopped. I really want it to play the azan fully.
Great, useful app, lots duas and prats to learn. Would be really useful to have a how to pray section for reverts . I can see lot is use for that and also for muslims who wish to learn different ayats for namaa pray. Easy to assume everyone knows how to pray each namazz. I found app few weeks ago an...Really really good work by the whole team to spread islamic knowledge by such apps which even works for the people eho dont hav quran at certain movemnet :-)Jazakallah
My answer is the same, & now I don't want your app even if you pay me to use it! So others didn't put time and efforts to make their apps. Ha never will I buy your app , there are plenty of better apps then your & free, it not the buying part that's bad, it's the stupid way you choose to put so many...
This is a great app Marshallah. It has everything in it you need, especially for newly reverted Muslims. Everything from alarms to prayer times, how to pray, duas, quran verses, Allah names and meanings and a locator for the halal foods near you and even live medina streams of hajj. Love it
A bunch of charlatan, claimed i can download quran offline if i pay for premium. I paid for premium and the quran keeps getting deleted every week and needs to be redownloaded. Adhan never worked, until i fix the problem myself. Note that they didn't help me for this problem and their only reply aft...
Its effective in becoming an alternative to instagram for me, i spend some time reading verse of qur an in the app now rather than scrolling on ig, but i gues it need more content creator for wallpaper, more al qur an verse and hadist sharing, i hope may allah help you in improving the app, thank yo...
Really useful and the ideas they have for the app is amazing . However , I would love it if i could use the app without having the need to om my data everytime i am out.
I used it for few months in diff. cities and two diff. countries. It does not give accurate prayer time. For ex. it shows fajr at 3:56 when local calender shows 4:03 and google search show 4:01 as of today. So huge difference in prayer time.
Alhamdulillah very nice and awesome app. Everything is included in here. Quran, mannoon duas, verses lots and lots of things. Now i can read Quran anywhere i want while travelling or visiting any one. Must have for every Muslim. And is also a way of "sawaab e jariah". Thank you creator of app. May A...Too many ads which are super DISTRACTING. Gotta keep re-download surah.Such a great app. But I don't like it's rule that I have to pay for new Adan and Quran recetation voice. This should be removed. After that this will be much grater than other apps.The azan sometimes no work and during middle of azan its stop. This app force to buy premium is the reason. TawbaThis is such a wonderful app. The adhan notification is excellent, a great reminder anywhere I am. It gives you the opportunity to learn and master the names of Allah easily. I use the tasbih in this app a lot. May Allah bless all those who are involve in the design.I've already subscribed premium via carrier but nothing happened and it was already consumed my credit and I got nothing instead error, please fix or refund me saya sudah langgan premium melalui carrier Celcom (Malaysia) tapi tiada perubahan tapi kredit dah potong RM19 tapi tak dapat apa² melainkan ...Timing n kiblat is accurate irregardless of any location around the world.love that it have many extra featuresSo first I am a Muslim and there's to many ads and the premium is stupid and you have to pay for an ad free experience which is pretty useless and also remove premium because what the frickIt helps me a lot of things in relation to pray, qibla direction and also searching the surrahThis has made everything so easy..Especially, the Qura'n and the prayer feauture! I have lived in a place with no mosques for two years. The only way i would get to hear Adhan was from Muslim Pro. Amazing contribution towards the path of Almighty! May Allah SWT bless you people!
Extremely exaggerated ads! I understand the reasonable ads as you need an income to support the app. However this is extreme and unacceptable. Example; you can't see the next prayer time unless you watch the ads!!!! THAT'S A SHAME!
Very good app ma sha Allah, may Allah reward you. One thing though, there are ads that come up to support sending bibles to war torn and desolate areas in the middle east. There also were ads that were for dating sites. You may want to look into them.Before this ok..but now the notification for prayer time not appear and not updated..is this apps have problem with android 9?It's really nice app. But the Holy Quran in this app is not really accurate like for the hukum mad and tanwin. I hope it will be recheck again because im afraid it will bring to wrong meaning.Amazing app alhamdulillah. Struggling to play azan notifications, it vibrates only.. tried numerous different ways. Wish there was an easy on off button.. it's a little more confusing nowEasy to use,lots of motivational islamic quotes,but sometimes adzhan didnt hv sound esp when you close the app.
Super amazing app for Muslims. Contains prayer times, duas, quran, qibla and much more.Very good app for prayer time and all other islamic activities.. it is very nice. I really like this app.
I've been using this app for many years. It's become a necessary part of my daily routine. U guys always come up with new and improved useful features which always delight me. Love this app sooo much, can't live without it 😊👍It says 50% off and upgrade will Cost 600 pkr. But when i proceed to upgrade it says almost $9.99. Why is that?
It's very useful and has many facilities. It makes muslim easy to do Ibadah.
Really like this app .only downside is too many ads that cover the entire screen . It would be better if they were only at the bottom. Also request to developers that please make an app for the galaxy watch active 2 of muslim pro and plz without ads . ThanksIt is just perfect. Educative and guidance. But it will be more broader if some parts of syra (origin of Islam), is inserted to the further reading processes. Thank you.Why cannot hv 2 version in screen during sharing yu need to chois either only Arabic and eng. No meaning 🤔It's an excellent app I like and use every day and every viewer I go Thank you very muchThe Quran, hadith everything else is okay except for the adhan... Which is the most important one for me. Most times it doesn't ring at all, somedays only once or twice (if I'm lucky).. I really wish the adhan could be worked on.. JazakumLAHU khairanExtremely nice app for a Muslim. It helps us to get all the information about namaz and other things relating to Islam..Simply love it..."Force notification" and "use alarm volume" are critical improvements to the app, making this perhaps THE quintessential Muslim prayer app.
I am not getting Adhan notification. It's only vibrating. No sound. I've tried everything. Installed again. Deleted data. Tweaked settings. Etc. If it gets solved, 5 stars..
When selecting Dubai, the prayer timings will all disappear. It will have to be reselected many times. Sometimes it'll stay but sometimes it'll disappear again. I notice this happens only in Dubai.
How many times do I need to update in a short period? Should have a beta team or tester before releasing the upgrade. Everytime I update I need to do a reset all over so I will get the notification for every solat time. I have to reset all 5 device for every updates. Quite annoying to release update...
the new update are very poor and bad, can't acess all the contain through wedget. Please update bug Previously when tap the prayer widget, all feature can be accessed, now only show the prayer table only. New update on 14 sep the location name gone only show gps coordinate. Pls update bug.
This app used to be my favorite I suggested to everyone until it stopped working like it used to. The adhan does not go off anymore, I missed fajr so many times because I dependent on this but adhan didnt go off only the notification pops up and No my phone is not on silent.App is superb.. but sometimes the reading progress is clearing automatically after asking "do you want to restore previous data or keep the current ". Tried both but same happened both the times..I truly love this app. I always download it when ever I changed phone. It's just part of me to have it. It has wonderful features that are very valuable to me as a Muslim. I recommend it to all Muslims.
This is the best app ever!!! Its changed a lot from the past year.. Please buy the premium version.. Totally worth the money.. A lot of inputs.. Love the inspiration part, I could sit hours reading those.. Thank you Muslim Pro.. 💯
it is lagging so badly. The athan always late. it used to be the best athan app but now I think they are forcing people to go pro that is why I believe it is getting late and annoying. I do not recommend it at all Fix the typing error in some duas please
I better always pray to god rather than other stuff. also i need help with the upgrade premium is broken it said cannot connect to google play store like that and also i try to press the upgrade button everytime and it didnt do anything
It would have got 5* but there's far too much going on on the homepage and the advertisements with music are appalling. I'm having to mute music in the advertisements to recite Quraan. Since when were music and Quraan compatible?
Iv just downloaded the app and so far impressed with the accuracy of the qibla direction and all the options from tracking prayer, daily Dias reminders etc Maa Shaa Allah beautiful App! 💯 Happy Alhamdulillah can't wait to use it properly In Shaa Allah 😊Been using 11 days now and its been good. I keep it simple. All the extras and things to buy for up grade are not necessary to me. But thank you for a smoothe running app..10.14.19
Automatically stop notification while playing...i have send mail regarding...this......the response from your side is good but the problem still not solved.......( I have sent the video as email)....the problem still remain in 10.4.1 versionGreat app. Has helped me a lot be be regular in my salaat. Alhamdulillah
Great app so far.. Been using it for about 1yr now, tried to use other apps but nahh this is the one for me I guess.. i know the team is always working on improvement, good job 👍👍👍!!May Allah bless the developers!! I was in Shanghai, China last week and with the help of this app I found Masjid for Jumuah preyar and Halal restaurants. Thank you so much for this. Alhamdulillah , I recommend that this is a must have app.I am a premium subscriber who always has to always download audio recitation. The next time am trying to 7se app I download again. Its happened for than a month. Pls fix it
Really helpful for praying and reading Al-Quran. Able to listen to surah when driving during traffic . Help to ease mind as well. The apps really good and able to provide a lot of benefit to user. Thank you 😊It's very good to my opinion but I still think there should be questions and answers where one can have his or here problems solved, thanks.
This app doesn't work at my samsung galaxy a50s, I can't use adzan sound as notification. Samsung notification always come out as default notification. Please tell me how to fix the problem
This app is Good for Muslims, Everything is Well, But if you add new feature that in "Haram Time" Muslim Pro app should show "Haram Time" in Red Marked time, Suppose Fazr time finished and after 23 min is Haram Time So, if you mark that time in Red colour it will be easy to understand Haram Time. As...
Auto-location are not update automatically according to location of the device even been refresh many time, and to many ads every time want to set or to open any part in the appsI can read quran anytime with Urdu meaning. Understanding. It showing Namaz timetable. Around restaurant, location. For Namaz qibla. Etc.I give this app 5 stars its worth it, its amazing and easy to use. But one thing tho is whenever i download Qur'an and listen to it, if i want to i will have to download it again, kinda not cool.Love using this app. Beautiful, inspirational quotes. Prayer time reminders, and verses from the holy Quraan
How do I make the recitation of Al-Quran continuously? It keeps stopping everytime a surah ends. Also the pause and replay button on lockscreen doesn't work. And the notification for prayer times a bit buggy. A lot of buttons in this app doesn't really work, actually.I love this app but mine community duas didnt came to my phone but when i check it in my moms phones its comes in her own email i checked lots of times alzo i go to settings but it doesnt work
Good app. The widget doesn't show up if home screen background is white. So there should be a small widget with black text/ prayers time.I followed all of your recommended settings but still the Azan sound doesn't play. The device only vibrates. It doesn't use alarm voice.The new version DOES NOT let you share Ayats on Social media; Facebook etc. It keeps saying error occured. Please fix it. That was one of the best features of the app.
I've been using Muslim Pro for some years now, and its features are simply astounding! You can find almost everything here, a very complete and thorough app for Muslims! Thank you to the dev team.It's easy to get everything in a single click, nice app, it keeps you update of every prayer time etc..
Bug in prayer notification, when i click notification for every prayer its showing fajr notification, Please fix it
I love this app. Masha Allah! It enables me to keep track of islamic events through the calendar and I learn a lot with the daily verses shared. Am always happy to share anything that comes from here. May Allah bless the organisers amd put barakah in all our endeavours (Ameen Ya Kareem). Keep up the...
Dear Muslim Pro, please fix the bug. I can't make notifications none or silent or sound for individual prayers or sunrise. Wherever I tap, sunrise or maghrib or isha, only fazr notification pops up. This problem wasn't there in earlier versions. Please fix the problem, then I will rate 5 star.
fajr times are incorrect, it wasnt like this before, recently I've noticed this problem,it shows the correct time after I re install it but then again,the same problem startsWhay I have to re-download the offline Quran(recitations) every 3 or 4days. The file of the Sourat exist in the app folder andoid/data/com.Bit../file/down../recita../(the sourat existe) But the app keep downloading and consuming data!!!. The same thing happened for the Athan, I mean every Audio file...App is amazing... but I found 1 mistake.. which I want app developer to correct it..... In Sura Yaseen... Juzz 23 starts from Ayat 22 but in app juzz 23 starts from Ayat 28.... Please check and correct it... ThankuThe notification for prayers time. And adzan is not workingWhy suddenly all the description and title are in hindi... please change those back to English language...This app will not open till you agree that this app. can access & collect your sensitive personal data!!
I think this is the good one app.But I have a problem during open the app.The problem is the ad may be suprised and scared.When I opened this app this ad came out.I hope the ad like that will stopped.It is amazing, except that Ibdont have Translations of the QuranUnable to use nearby mosques and halal places features, otherwise the app is good.
I have been using this app for a very long time,but recently when they updated their privacy policy i am reluctant to use it.Their new update gets information and personal data about the user.I can't trust this app anymore.The app is kinda cool, but it doesn't notify me of daily verses, and I will advise that it should notify and also make it easy for us in understanding the wasila while readingThis app was so useful and adding more values in my daily life experience reliously importancy.Suddenly the app refuse to open although I uninstall it and rein it several times
Used to be great not anymore ! Don't open inside masjid you will never know what ad will pop up. Full of ads since last update. Uninstall and find alternative.
Really useful app. Different kind of informations, correctly prayer times, and reminding to read koran everyday. I can't imagine ma religious apps without this one...thank you for your good work, may Allah reward you... Keep up good work😀☝️
The best Islamic apps. It can be called one stop Islamic centre. You get to read Quran here, read insipirational Islamic words, knowing kiblah, to have Salah reminder (azan), and even your very own Salah diary (keep track of Salah). I love this app! Overall recommended.So the ads were not enough that now I have to pay to see the translation and all!! Uninstalled... Even Torah, Bibles are free but seems like I need to pay to practice some of the Muslim things which I'm denying upfront. Good luck with your paid holy app.Thank u for your quick act to fix the app. This works well now.
Amazing app Mā-shā’a-llāh! But is it possible to make the verse of the day templates/backgrounds have both Arabic with English translation underneath, instead of just Arabic or English, when sharing?
Why can't I change the call to prayer reminder, if you want to change it will always be to change the tone for the fajr adhan. please fix this. Is being a premium subscriber still get unclear application settings like this.
I'm often in places where I cant hear the athan, so this is a great app to inform me about praying times, it's more important when you're fastingEven some issue rise up once in a while but its okThe app is too good to read and understand the verse of Quran but it would be even more useful if we could get translation in our local language
I love the app. The new page style of the Qur'an allows me to catch up with my recitations away from home. The azkar are also complete, just like you have in the citadel of a believer.Assalomu Alaikum. Help. I can’t buy the pro version, it produces the following error: "Muslim Pro: An error accurred while purchasing (Error code: 6). Please try again."Very beautiful and help full app. Please add 6 kalimas and also please add sifaats of imaan i.e. imaan-e-mufassil and imaan-e-mujammil and dua-e-qanoot ThanksI like to read Verse of the day. It helps me memorize a verse daily with easeAfter updating , my mobile heats up while using the app to read quran. Considering that i have a flagship phone, there is something seriously wrong with this app. Cyrpto mining or just bad design??Widget got bug. Next prayer time not updated. Please fix this. Tq
Its not giving any notifications of adan so far no prayer notifications at all for so my days... Not only this but doesnt giving any written notification on prayer time , or propbablt once or twice in a week
It's really worth for me. I am happy with it If there's a book marking methods It's should be able to relocate it easily
I have been using this App for maybe one year and a half and it's fantastic for me because I am a very busy man and this App always reminds me of what's more important thing in life "Salah".Thank You.Hello. Please answer my questions. Why after i update. Cant be open. I buy this app okey. But cant open.Very informative, it has everything you need to start with.
Too many ads and inappropriate at times! The cost of the app to make ad free is not justifiable. One word. Greed.
its very good apps. if possible, adding feature for "alarm x minutes" before adzan is better, so we can prepare to go to mosque before adzan done.This app is very much useful to get information about salah time, Quran translation in so many languages, prayer place near by etc. Related to Islamic information.
I'm quite surprised after so many years installing this apps, i just find out its NOT OWN BY MUSLIMS.. No wonder sometime got disruptive ads. And now i know why you guys got two options apps and need to pay. It's a very long list if I want to tell why. Only got 1 questions. Where the money & benefit...
I am unable to verify my account through email. I have emailed this issue on multiple sites provided but no response from anywhere ..Execellent apps,but must improve for azan notification for some devices such as xiaomi mi note 3....or etc....great job for your team...we will wait another improvement in future from your..thanks muslim pro....Excellent but it can do away with the ads